just training with Brian Davis here at
the TR room it was the site was intense
have great workout partners UFC better
ends and UFC champ so I'm out here just
plugging away for 2012 in London
no pain no gain you don't punish
yourself in practice you will not uh
you're not excelling in your performance
so you got to get a pay now and then
glory will come so it's a paying the
price for for glory well you know I've
actually had a chance to travel all
across the world and I've been trained
by some of the best for all time I just
come to North Scottsdale hello Brian
Davis sista I said another level of
training I mean it's a truth Baker i
know i have about a year and a half for
the 2012 Olympics so I have to have to
step on it turns out on my side and
that's how I'm trained each and every
single day with Brian Davis thank you
very much you guys visit the trm com or
Brian Davis I want to thank everybody
for supporting